ruoY edom fo efil lliw eb degnahc rof eht retteb esuaceb fo wen stnempoleved.
uoY nod't emoceb a eruliaf litnu uoy'er deifsitas htiw gnieb eno.
ffirehS rotpotoelemahC dehgis htiw na ria fo yraew ssendas, dna neht
denrut ot ttugleppoD dna dias 'ehT rotaneS tsum yllaer evah neeb no a
redneb siht emit -- eh tfel a ytrap ni dnalevelC, oihO, ta 11:03 tsal
thgin, dna yeht dnuof sih rac siht gninrom ni eht kcatsekoms fo a hsitirB
tfarcria reirrac ni eht asomroF stiartS.'
		-- dnarG murdnajnaP's laicepS drawA, 5891 rewluB-nottyL
		   dab noitcif tsetnoc.
nekcihC elttiL saw thgir.
ekaM a hsiw, ti thgim emoc eurt.
Q:	woH seod a rekcah xif a noitcnuf hcihw
	nseod't krow rof lla fo eht stnemele ni sti niamod?
A:	eH segnahc eht niamod.
oS siht si ti.  eW'er gniog ot eid.
Q:	woH ynam sreywal seod ti ekat ot egnahc a thgil blub?
A:	saerehW eht ytrap fo eht tsrif trap, osla nwonk sa "reywaL", dna eht
ytrap fo eht dnoces trap, osla nwonk sa "thgiL bluB", od ybereh dna htiwhtrof
eerga ot a noitcasnart nierehw eht ytrap fo eht dnoces trap llahs eb devomer
morf eht tnerruc noitisop sa a tluser fo eruliaf ot mrofrep ylsuoiverp deerga
nopu seitud, i.e., eht gnithgil, noitadicule, dna esiwrehto noitanimulli fo
eht aera gnignar morf eht tnorf (htron) rood, hguorht eht yawyrtne, gnitanimret
ta na aera tsuj edisni eht yramirp gnivil aera, detacramed yb eht gninnigeb fo
eht teprac, yna revollips noitanimulli gnieb ta eht noitpo fo eht ytrap fo eht
dnoces trap dna ton deriuqer yb eht denoitnemerofa tnemeerga neewteb eht
seitrap.
	ehT denoitnemerofa lavomer noitcasnart llahs edulcni, tub ton eb
detimil ot, eht gniwollof.  ehT ytrap fo eht tsrif trap llahs, htiw ro tuohtiw
noitavele ta sih noitpo, yb snaem fo a riahc, lootspets, reddal ro yna rehto
snaem fo noitavele, psarg eht ytrap fo eht dnoces trap dna etator eht ytrap
fo eht dnoces trap ni a retnuoc-esiwkcolc noitcerid, siht tniop gnieb derednet
non-elbaitogen.  nopU gnihcaer a tniop erehw eht ytrap fo eht dnoces trap
semoceb ylluf dehcated morf eht elcatpecer, eht ytrap fo eht tsrif trap llahs
evah eht noitpo fo gnisopsid fo eht ytrap fo eht dnoces trap ni a rennam
tnetsisnoc htiw lla tnaveler dna elbacilppa lacol, etats dna laredef setutats.
ecnO noitarapes dna lasopsid evah neeb deveihca, eht ytrap fo eht tsrif trap
llahs evah eht noitpo fo gninnigeb noitallatsni.  diaserofA noitallatsni llahs
rucco ni a rennam tnetsisnoc htiw eht esrever fo eht serudecorp debircsed ni
pets eno fo siht fles-emas tnemucod, gnieb luferac ot eton taht eht noitator
dluohs rucco ni a esiwkcolc noitcerid, siht tniop osla gnieb non-elbaitogen.
ehT evoba debircsed spets yam eb demrofrep, ta eht noitpo fo eht ytrap fo eht
tsrif trap, yb yna ro lla stnega dezirohtua yb mih, eht evitcejbo gnieb ot
ecudorp eht tsom elbissop eunever rof eht pihsrentraP.
F.S. dlaregztiF ot yawgnimeH:
	"tsenrE, eht hcir era tnereffid morf su."
yawgnimeH:
	"seY.  yehT evah erom yenom."
uoY yalpsid eht lufrednow stiart fo mrahc dna ysetruoc.
tahT terces uoy'ev neeb gnidraug, nsi't.
Q:	yhW saw egnehenotS denodnaba?
A:	tI nsaw't MBI elbitapmoc.
enutroF: uoY lliw eb dekcatta txen yadsendeW ta 3:51 p.m. yb xis iarumas
drows gnidleiw elprup hsif deulg ot yelraH-nosdivaD selcycrotom.

hO, dna evah a ecin yad!
		-- ecyrB ttibseN '48
uoY kool derit.
uoY lliw ecneirepxe a gnorts egru ot od doog; tub ti lliw ssap.
fI uoy nac daer siht, uoy'er oot esolc.
eH si won gnisir morf ecneulffa ot ytrevop.
		-- kraM niawT
spihS era efas ni robrah, tub yeht erew reven tnaem ot yats ereht.
sihT lliw eb a elbaromem htnom -- on rettam woh drah uoy yrt ot tegrof ti.
A si rof elppA.
		-- retseH enyrP
ytuaeB dna ynomrah era sa yrassecen ot uoy sa eht yrev htaerb fo efil.
krameR fo rD. niwdlaB's gninrecnoc stratspu: eW nod't erac ot tae slootsdaot
taht kniht yeht era selffurt.
		-- kraM niawT, "dduP'daehn nosliW's radnelaC"
ruoY yraropmet laicnanif tnemssarrabme lliw eb deveiler ni a gnisirprus rennam.
giB koob, gib erob.
		-- suhcamillaC
ehT yab-seert ni ruo yrtnuoc era lla rehtiw'd
dnA sroetem thgirf eht dexif srats fo nevaeh;
ehT elap-decaf noom skool ydoolb no eht htrae
dnA nael-kool'd stehporp repsihw lufraef egnahc.
esehT sngis nurerof eht htaed ro llaf fo sgnik.
		-- mW. eraepsekahS, "drahciR II"
uoY'er yletinifed no rieht tsil.  ehT noitseuq ot ksa txen si tahw tsil ti si.
eraweB fo a krad-deriah nam htiw a duol eit.
Q:	woH saw samohT J. nostaW deirub?
A:	9 egde nwod.
uoY teg gnola yrev llew htiw enoyreve tpecxe slamina dna elpoep.
ooT hcum si tsuj hguone.
		-- kraM niawT, no yeksihw
redaeR, esoppus uoy erew na toidi.  dnA esoppus uoy erew a rebmem fo
ssergnoC.  tuB I taeper flesym.
		-- kraM niawT
uoY lliw eb eht tsal nosrep ot yub a relsyrhC.
uoY lliw raeh doog swen morf eno uoy thguoht yldneirfnu ot uoy.
eH si won gnisir morf ecneulffa ot ytrevop.
		-- kraM niawT
feirG nac ekat erac fo flesti; tub ot teg eht lluf eulav fo a yoj uoy tsum
evah ydobemos ot edivid ti htiw.
		-- kraM niawT
ehT ylevol namow-dlihc aaK saw ylsselicrem deniahc ot eht leurc tsop fo
eht roirraw-feihc tsaeB, htiw sih nairabrab ebirt won gnikcats doow ta
reh elibun teef, nehw eht gnorts raelc eciov fo eht citeop dna cioreh
samosdnaH deraor, 'kcilF ruoy ciB, psirc taht kcihc, dna uoy'll leef ym
leets hguorht ruoy tsal laem!'
		-- gninniW ecnetnes, 4891 rewluB-nottyL dab noitcif tsetnoc.
Q:	yhW did eht mreg ssorc eht epocsorcim?
A:	oT teg ot eht rehto edils.
Q:	tahW's drah gniog ni dna tfos dna ykcits gnimoc tuo?
A:	gniwehC mug.
Q:	woH ynam MBI UPC's seod ti ekat ot od a lacigol thgir tfihs?
A:	33.  1 ot dloh eht stib dna 23 ot hsup eht retsiger.
erA uoy erus eht kcab rood si dekcol?
gnihtyrevE lliw eb tsuj ytekcit-oob yadot.
A eugrom si a eugrom si a eugrom.  yehT nac tniap eht sllaw htiw ylevissergga
lufreehc yramirp sroloc dna yhsalps dlob scihparg, tub ti's llits a gnidloh
ecalp rof eht daed litnu yeht nac eb detrap tuo ot nagro sknab.  toN taht I
dluow evah derac yllamron tub ym tniopweiv saw deweks.  ehT sseltneler
ecnasaelp fo eht moor I tas ni demees ylno euqsetorg.
		-- taP nagidaC, "sreyalpdniM"
fI ruoy efil saw a esroh, uoy'd evah ot toohs ti.
retaW, nekat ni noitaredom tonnac truh ydobyna.
		-- kraM niawT
revenehW eht yraretil namreG sevid otni a ecnetnes, taht si eht tsal
uoy era gniog ot ees fo mih litnu eh segreme no eht rehto edis fo sih
citnaltA htiw sih brev ni sih htuom.
		-- kraM niawT "A tucitcennoC eeknaY ni gniK ruhtrA's truoC"
ehT nwodtnuoc dah dellats ta 'T' sunim 96 sdnoces nehw eeriseD, eht tsrif
elamef epa ot og pu ni ecaps, dekniw ta em ylyls dna detuop reh kciht,
yrebbur spil ylbakatsimnu -- eht tsrif fo ynam hcus secnavda gnirud tahw
dluow evorp ot eb eht tsegnol, dna tsom elbaromem, ecaps egayov fo ym
reerac.
		-- gninniW ecnetnes, 5891 rewluB-nottyL dab noitcif tsetnoc.
yadoT's ssendriew si worromot's nosaer yhw.
		-- retnuH S. nospmohT
sreklaT era on doog sreod.
		-- mailliW eraepsekahS, "yrneH IV"
ooT hcum si tsuj hguone.
		-- kraM niawT, no yeksihw
Q:	tahW od uoy llac a flah-nezod snaidnI htiw naisA ulf?
A:	xiS kcis shkiS (cis).
uoY evah a peed noitaicerppa fo eht stra dna cisum.
Q:	yhW did eht PSAW ssorc eht daor?
A:	oT teg ot eht elddim.
uoY era eht ylno nosrep ot reve teg siht egassem.
ruoY evol efil lliw eb yppah dna suoinomrah.
ruoY pets lliw lios ynam seirtnuoc.
uoY lliw eb dedrawa eht leboN ecaeP ezirP... ylsuomuhtsop.
uoY evah eht rewop ot ecneulfni lla htiw mohw uoy emoc ni tcatnoc.
ehS si ton denifer.  ehS si ton denifernu.  ehS speek a torrap.
		-- kraM niawT
ehT eurt nrehtuoS nolemretaw si a noob trapa, dna ton ot eb denoitnem htiw
renommoc sgniht.  tI si feihc fo eht dlrow's seiruxul, gnik yb eht ecarg fo doG
revo lla eht stiurf fo eht htrae.  nehW eno sah detsat ti, eh swonk tahw eht
slegna tae.  tI saw ton a nrehtuoS nolemretaw taht evE koot; ew wonk ti esuaceb
ehs detneper.
		-- kraM niawT, "dduP'daehn nosliW's radnelaC"
ENUTROF SEDIVORP SNOITSEUQ ROF EHT TAERG SREWSNA: #31
A:	coD, yppaH, lufhsaB, yepoD, yzeenS, ypeelS, & ypmurG
Q:	ohW erew eht citarcomeD laitnediserp setadidnac?
uoY era gnidnats no ym seot.
worromoT, uoy nac eb erehwyna.
noD't kool kcab, eht sgnimmel era gniniag no uoy.
Q:	woH ynam erawdrah sreenigne seod ti ekat ot egnahc a thgil blub?
A:	enoN.  eW'll xif ti ni erawtfos.

Q:	woH ynam metsys sremmargorp seod ti ekat ot egnahc a thgil blub?
A:	enoN.  ehT noitacilppa nac krow dnuora ti.

Q:	woH ynam erawtfos sreenigne seod ti ekat ot egnahc a thgil blub?
A:	enoN.  eW'll tnemucod ti ni eht launam.

Q:	woH ynam hcet sretirw seod ti ekat ot egnahc a thgil blub?
A:	enoN.  ehT resu nac erugif ti tuo.
I lliw ruonoh samtsirhC ni ym traeh, dna yrt ot peek ti lla eht raey.  I
lliw evil ni eht tsaP, eht tneserP, dna eht erutuF.  ehT stiripS fo lla
eerhT llahs evirts nihtiw em.  I lliw ton tuhs tuo eht snossel taht yeht
hcaet.  hO, llet em taht I yam egnops yawa eht gnitirw no siht enots!
		-- selrahC snekciD
esnednoC puos, ton skoob!
tahT terces uoy'ev neeb gnidraug, nsi't.
uoY lliw tirehni snoillim fo srallod.
enoynA ohw sah dah a llub yb eht liat swonk evif ro xis erom sgniht
naht enoemos ohw nsah't.
		-- kraM niawT
